
Create page takes too long to appear.
Create a manifest.json file in the languages/
and exercises/ folder and this is read to speed
create page appearance.

Simplest is to have scripts to generate the
manifests and these scripts are run as part
of pull.sh

There is a possible race condition in a browser
reading the manifest as the scripts updates it.
Likelihood of this happening is low. Languages
and exercises are rarely added.

Related to this is an idea from Olve.
Only show the 7 (say) most popular languages
and exercises. Have buttons which you can press
which expand the selection if you want one of the
less popular languages.

Also related to this is the idea of removing Verbal
and having a dedicated button indicating that you
don't want to do a specific exercise, you'd just
like to code on your own for a while. This ties
in well with the timeout.

Could also split the create page into two pages.
First one is to select the language (with possible
pick one at random button). What to use the
spare screen estate for?
Second one is to select the exercise (again possible
pick one at random button).
And then have choice of whether to make dojo public
or private. Do this as two buttons which both cause
the dojo to be created.
Is there some way I could merge these three into one
page? How would I still be able to show the instructions
for the exercise?
Hmmm. How about when you hover over the [public] [private]
buttons the instructions screen is momentarily used to
display some info about what they do?
That's a simple hack that I think would work for now...

--------------------------------

Possible design

eg Exercises
in ctor use real @disk object to see if
there is an exercises/manifest.json file
if there is it will be of the form
  {
    '100_doors' => 'contents of instructions for 100_doors',
    ...
  }
Read this into a js object.
Then populate a FakeDisk object from this.
Replace passed in real @disk with fake disk.

What about languages?
Not so simple. Have to fake each languages own manifest.json file.

Perhaps a simpler approach is to use the manifest.json caches
at the languages/ and exercises/ level only inside the
setup_controller
This would make the languages/ and exercises/ mechanisms the same
and would avoid extra complexity of languages/ fake-disk needing
to fake each languages manifest.json
