                     VISION
                     ======

Deliberate Practice
-------------------
I believe that the role of deliberate practice has huge untapped potential 
in the field of software development. My particularly passion is doing deliberate 
software practice in a collaborative way. Hence CyberDojo.  

Making all diff-sessions viewable
---------------------------------
At the moment you need to know the name of a dojo to enter it and view
it via the dashboard traffic lights and diffs. I want a public list of all 
previous dojos. 
Also, the diff-view is not stand alone. Each time you press the previous or
next buttons on the diff-view there is a new trip to the CyberDojo server.
I'd like the entire session to be viewable as a single stand-alone html file.
I'd also like a small control which automatically scrolls the diff-view of
the selected file to the next -red+green diff-section.

Branching from any traffic light
--------------------------------
I want a button which starts a new dojo (without creating a new named starting 
fileset) from the state of the files at that traffic light. This will allow you 
to create a new exploratory "branch" for any new variations. 

Dojo Rooms
-------------
I want four separate unnamed "rooms" visible from the front page. Eg rooms with 
different colours. Players enter, name and configure an empty room to do a dojo.
To join a dojo you don't need to know its name, simply which colour room to enter.
This will make the startup time for players even faster. To make this work a 
dojo will need to timeout after being unused for a period of time (thus making
the room empty again for a new group). The number of rooms could be tailored
to the power of the server.

Creating new kata filesets
--------------------------
After doing many increments you may have your files in a state you want 
to become a new named starting fileset. This would be a good way to create 
a "flying start" for a kata. So I want a button to automatically create a 
new named fileset starting point from the state of the current files.

Reliable Servers
----------------
http://www.cyber-dojo.com has an unreliable connection to the internet and sometimes
goes down. I would like to host the server on a cloud provider, eg via Amazon.

Federated CyberDojos 
--------------------
I would like lots of CyberDojo servers setup across the world.
They could be specialized to particular areas. For example Mikes CyberDojo
could be run from Oslo and host just C katas. 

Education
---------
I would like to see students using cyberdojo, and their tutors marking
their work not just based on a static snapshot of how it ends up but also
on the dynamic way it changed as it was worked on. And possibly during 
several explicit repetitions.

Recruitment
-----------
I can also imagine job applicants being asked to perform some katas
in CyberDojo (ideally with the team they are hoping to join)
and the resulting session (and the traffic-light diff-session) being used 
to help the team judge the applicant's suitability for the job. 

Traffic-lights
--------------
Currently the CyberDojo server has to be programmed with regexp patterns
to parse the output of cyberdojo.sh as red/amber/green traffic light.
If the unit-test-framework is not specified in the manifest, or if it
is but there is no ruby parse-function for it then the server could
redirect to a different page which asks the players themselves to
be a human traffic-light and mark the output themselves. This would
be nice for making a very quick start in a new language. It could also be
used to gather data to test regexp patterns!





