                     VISION
                     ======

Deliberate Practice
-------------------
I believe that the role of deliberate practice has huge untapped potential
in the field of professional software development. My particularly passion
is doing deliberate software practice in a collaborative way, both at the
pair level and at the team level. Hence cyber-dojo.


Education
---------
Students could use cyber-dojo for exercises. Tutors could
then review their work not just based on a static snapshot of how
it ends up but also on the dynamic way it changed as it was worked on.
And possibly over several explicit repetitions.



Making all diff-sessions viewable
---------------------------------
At the moment you need to know the hex-id of a dojo to enter it and view
it via the dashboard traffic lights and diffs. I want a public (but
anonymous) readonly view of all previous dojos, preferably on a separate server
(but filtered so dojos with very few traffic-lights are not shown).
Also, the diff-view is not stand alone. Each time you press the previous or
next buttons on the diff-view there is a new trip to the cyber-dojo server.
I'd like each entire dojo session to be viewable as a single stand-alone html
file. This will enable developers to keep their own local copies, and perhaps
even put them onto their blogs. Having thought about it for a while,
I'm now not entirely sure I want this. There is something to be said for the
'emphemeral' nature of genuine practice.


Federated Cyber-Dojos
---------------------
I would like lots of cyber-dojo servers setup across the world.
They could be specialized to particular areas. For example Mikes cyber-dojo
could be run from Oslo and host just C katas.


Concurrent players as one avatar
--------------------------------
Allow multiple computers to enter as the same avatar. Whenever
a computer presses test-button their files are committed and pushed
to all other laptops (via ajax). If there is a merge conflict the
commit is rejected. Or... player A can edit and commit a file before
player B and thus player B loses his edits as the edited file is
overwritten by being pushed to him/her from the server.
