
I need to consider scalability of a hub.
One DIY design I can think of is to have a
proxy front end that looks at the ID and shards
off that. Eg initially just a .json file detailing
the splitting
{
  '01234567' => '178.2.56.67',
  '89ABCDEF' => '178.2.56.68'
}
This means I dont need to replicate folders across
different file systems. Alternative is to do that
as well.
Also, this gives scalability when a browser is
looking at a specific dojo. But not when it is
looking at the index. Perhaps I should not offer
a global index. Suppose you first have to select
a language and an exercise. Or perhaps just a
language, or just an exercise?
Could the languages caches be 'required' into the
Ruby source code? That would mean they do not not
to be read from the hard disk? Same idea for
exercises cache.


I want cyber-dojo-hub to show live updates of dojos
happening on servers all across the world. However,
while the dojo is taking place (eg on cyber-dojo.org)
then I do not want to expose its true ID, since a
malcontent could gain access to the in-progress dojo
and cause mischief.
But when the dojo has finished, I would like its ID
on the original server to be the same as its ID
on the hub.

So...
When a dojo on cyber-dojo.org is created there are
two buttons - one to create a private dojo and one
to create a public dojo. And add plenty of info
about not making your dojo public if there is
code is any way sensitive. But that if it is not
publishing it will 1) mean it is saved, 2) mean
it will be open to review from anyone, 3) allow
anyone to fork from any traffic-light if they want
to suggest improvements.

If you create a public dojo, then it will be mirrored
on the hub, in real-time, as the dojo progresses
(eg on cyber-dojo.org)

However, the hub will not reveal the dojos original ID,
instead marking the dojo as 'in-progress'.
Clicking on 'in-progress' will bring up a read-only
dashboard of the live dojo, and access to the history
dialog as per usual.
How will the hub do this?
When the public dojo is created its info is stored in the hub's
database with an ID pair, a newly generated partner-ID
and the original ID. The links on hub will use the
partner ID, which the server will map to the true ID,
and thus gain access to the git repo in the folder==ID.

When the original dojo has finished (or timed-out) then it
will become read-only. The hub will see it has finished
(or timed-out) and will show the dojos true ID.

Thoughts
o) allow some descriptive text to be entered when the dojo
   is created?
o) date stamp of dojo's creation-time will need to be held in
   hub. Hub will have access to the traffic-light submissions
   which also also time-stamped, so this allows dojos to be made
   ahead of time. Clock starts when first traffic-light appears.
   If there are no traffic-lights then don't show dojo on hub.
o) dojos on non hub servers will need a finished? method, and
   [test] on finished dojo will not create a new traffic-light.
o) have explicit [finished] button on the dashboard?
   this will send finished event to the hub, causing it to
   appear with its true ID.

--------------------------------

Have two pages/tabs

One for finished dojos. This will require a selection
of language and exercise and will then show all dojos
matching that selection. This will not refresh automatically.
These dojos will be up-votablable. Thus only a limited
amount of dojos will appear at one time (in summary).
Clicking on a dojo will bring up its dashboard.

Another for dojos in progress. This will not reveal the dojos
IDs. But the dojos will be viewable. These will simply be
listed in some order. What order. Problem with hiding the
partner-id and simply showing in-progress is that viewer
will lose their place when a new dojo appears. No need to
show 'in-progress'. Everything on this page/tab will be in
progress. What is listed? Summary only. And clicking on a
dojos 'line' will bring up its dashboard.
So dojos should be listed by partner-id so they appear in
the same relative order.
Manual refresh too?

--------------------------------

Clone cyber-dojo.org (good for backup anyway).
Then start to build hub from clone.
This avoids having to xfer all the dojos in .tar.gz
format.
Initially do not prune. Just show everything.
Don't need to prune for MVP.
Later prune for no of traffic-lights <= 3
and minimal number of diff-lines.
Database could usefully (maybe) also store
o) no of traffic-lights
o) time dojo was created
o) time of first traffic-light
o) time of last traffic-light
o) total no of animals
o) total no of diff-lines
